1	"(see top photo). That's one large crowd for a few tiny balls -- and they're even held back by barriers. They "" ooh "" ed"
2	"raised expectations among local people. "" # He and the shadow chancellor, Ed Balls, called on the coalition to use NHS under-spends to help tackle the growing social"
3	on the piercing for a few minutes and repeat a few times with new cotton balls. The heat from the warm water will help in increasing the blood flow to
4	prepare one of our favorite Indian breads. # It all began with these tiny balls of dough # The Masterpiece # We loved the crunchy soft Prata with Onions (
5	"attack while ensuring the Ugandans do not provide Okwi, Kiiza or Wagaluka with perfect balls. Ethiopia and South Sudan -- the two other teams in the group -- will"
6	", the defence got organized. I'm not even saying that there weren't balls around but one of the kids was holding the ball chatting with his buddy 10"
7	", embracing and letting your emotions flow through the body. Is this just your balls talking? I don't quite think so. # Truth is, when we"
8	David Brent (that's Michael Scott for our American bredren) can find the balls to criticise AW then you know that something is very wrong with the physcy of
9	NO NO NO NO.. no means no... if that means you have blue balls or go whack off in the bathroom then that is what you have to do
10	"for hard work enabled him to take an incredible 519 Test wickets and bowl 30,019 balls in the 5 day format. # Extremely tall, unorthodox, but very effective"
11	but I would like to se an out an out winger to whip in some balls for chamakh who is very handy with head. We play a lot of people
12	"in the air, they could not change their gameplan and try a few long balls into the box. They became too predictable... # Some would say Chelsea were"
13	. # Allen went armed with a Stanley knife and a sock filled with snooker balls. Ms Thompson explained how the victim tried to run when she saw the defendant
14	"claim to be the "" stronger "" sex, then stand your ground. Grow balls and be a man. Maintain your home, get and job and KEEP it"
15	"his deluded ego.... wont work, shameless pig and never does. Grow some balls, discard your gayboy fetishes and man up for a change, pondan. # "
16	. I got to watch every morning before school as Mr Moose dropped ping pong balls on the Captains head and Bunny Rabbit always found new ways to get more Carrots
17	for a successful chase of a 240-plus target against Australia. The highest is 66 balls in Pakistan's nine-wicket win in Rawalpindi in 1994. # Nasir Jamshed is only
18	"very much known in this region for being very physical and for long and direct balls... We showed that we are changing, and we want to build up and"
19	", Limerick # It sounds like a fungus called King Alfred's cakes or cramp balls, Daldinia concentrica, which is more usually found on ash."
20	"from Vitruvian and struggling with **37;733;TOOLONG. However, after a season of busting my balls week in, week out, I doubted I would lose too much form in"
21	Fiorentina made sure to pressure their former captain Montolivo -- who has played more long balls than any other Serie A player this season -- to prevent him prompting quick attacks
22	"be used to help young people get on the property ladder, shadow chancellor Ed Balls has pledged. # It will provide 500million to spare first-timers paying stamp duty on"
23	"kept getting fans buying it. But then when we were ready to release' Balls Out', a bunch of people were like' oh yeah, they've"
24	"solvents (black balls), and liquids outside the volume being non-solvents (white balls). Around the surface of the volume, at the interface between the area"
25	"elegant cottages and Georgian style manor houses. At this time Summer festivities consisted of balls at the Vicergeal lodge, the residence of the governor of Punjab and at the"
26	"half of interview): "" the men would chew paper into little papier mache balls and try to shoot them up my skirt. "" # They actually sleep better"
27	", its extravagances in living, its quarrels, its gayeties, its pic-nics, balls, regattas, races, dinner parties, lawn tennis parties, amateur theatricals,"
28	"were unable to get a lead in either set. An inability to convert free balls to kills cost the team the first set 18-25. In the second set,"
29	". The first thing that stood out was his bravery? he stopped so many balls with his face, I thought he should have put the gloves on his teeth"
30	"tap in a few in england the press declare you the greatest. has the balls to give interviews and question the club, but just needs to take the cd"
31	by Rocks first rule. # duck: They do nt call' em headache balls for no good reason!! So glad to see not all Iron Workers have
32	"of pool balls consists of one white cue ball and fifteen color-coded, numbered object balls. The object balls are clearly and highly visibly numbered 1 through 15. Each"
33	"dark above, saffron and orange on its under-surface. From the cloud, great balls of flaming rock dropped from time to time, descending with a splash into the"
34	"right to ban beer in the car or stuffed animals or those rear view mirror balls because it's their property. It would be a ridiculous policy, but they"
35	"of the points). With both hands steadying the bag, pipe whole-walnut sized balls onto the parchment, well-spaced so they have room to poof -- as in the"
36	"Watch the video for' If You Really Really Love Me' # On' Balls Out', you deal with a lot of things like trust issues, is"
37	""" the skipper said in praise of the Aussie who struck 90 off just 51 balls at the Subroto Roy Sahara stadium. # While Watson finished the job, the"
38	a receiver dropped the ball. And it turns out he was throwing all those balls in the pre-game because he was a little bored. Game 2 of the Orioles-Yankees
39	target. He was also more determined in the box and won many of the balls played in by the opposition. There were times last year when I thought he
40	soft snow the kids play (shinjung) which is a battle of snow making balls of snow in hands and throwing on each other.naughty kids shove snow through the collar
41	# Image via Wikipedia # You are a busy mother trying to juggle all the balls you juggle -- without dropping one. At the end of the day when your
42	to be great! Wish I could be there! # ..... Can't juggle balls but I sure as hell can juggle details.... # Those French kids really know
43	away from him and his co-conspirators. Case closed. Agree though that refs need balls (and frankly should also be wired into TMO who has the right to call
44	"tackled this subject as well when she asked: "" Why is it that at balls and parties, when man comes dressed in his usual style, fashion requires women"
45	"with her brother Philip. # "" As women, we can juggle lots of balls in the air. I write lists at night before I go to bed."
46	Wright was declared the Man of the Match for his unbeaten 99 off just 55 balls. The loss puts an end to Afghanistan's T20 World Cup mission. On
47	"20 minutes, then shape it into balls. # 3. Deep fry the balls of dough till golden brown. # Options: # You can also add chopped"
48	"is not a lot of overs, but I tend to look at it as balls -- there are 120 balls in an innings and that is a lot of balls"
49	"elbow to finish. Because after you've punched a well-armed riot cop in the balls 3 times, you don't want him getting back up. Dead or"
50	"balls on the second day. Hayden blitzed 38 fours and 11 sixes from 437 balls: "" At his most destructive, during the 35 minutes and 32 balls it"
51	Cakes as they are know in English in South Africa. Pictured above is two balls of Pizza dough that you can buy for dirt cheap (normally $2 each)
52	"this weekend or in Washington next week. # Chase Utley continues to take ground balls at third base, and Charlie Manuel continues to observe. Utley's suggestion to"
53	"OF THE KITCHEN -- off the air! If this idiot's bosses had any balls at all, they'd have fired him by now. News Campaign"
54	"Josh Hazlewood and John Hastings. # "" I can't see them bowling any balls at training, "" South African Arthur said of Hilfenhaus and Siddle. # """
55	"than Swansea's. Dave, is the board to blame for us using long balls most in the league? Or Cisse's scoring drought? I wasn't too"
56	". He can be truly devastating if used correctly, i.e, by slinging attackable balls in at his head, not his hooves. With Brendan Rodgers favouring the slick"
57	"great generals of the last 500 years, without a doubt, the man had balls. Andrew Jackson was no slouch either- he was tough as nails and probably the"
58	&(b); # Failure to play a shot within 60 seconds of the time that the balls came to rest from the previous shot. see (I) Time Allowed (
59	"her kitchen learning how to master gluten free Fried Green Tomatoes, Sticky Toffee Power Balls and picture-perfect Pumpkin Pie! # The season of festivity we're headed into is"
60	"significant experience of finance, but he's a man. A safe pair of balls. # Ironically, I doubt if Brendan Howlin ever used those appendages for their"
61	"8 -- Probably the best outfield performance, he was the most positive attempting through balls and shots. Gave the ball away frustratingly a few times, but if anyone"
62	"control over the shot. However, if he waits and picks only the right balls to hit, he will be able to score well with limited risk in the"
63	"lancashire # Sorry Sean, watching News at Ten last night saw no mention of Balls or his silly little ploy. Are Labour doing a good job opposing the government"
64	"'ve seen everything they can do, Skyward Sword lets you roll them like bowling balls. 7) Bottle -- Multiple Zelda Games # Just about anything can be"
65	"hard to decide the sex of a hyena as both male and females have "" balls "" and the female clitoris is longer than the males watchamacallit. The females """
66	floured surface divide dough into two. Cup and turn dough to make two neat balls. Place balls on a lightly floured tray. Cover with a cloth for 15
67	"Target: # Boy (2-4 years) - small monster truck, small bouncy balls, crayons, coloring pad, short sleeve t-shirt (these are all on clearance"
68	"carefully shaped. I did so, wrapping a layer of cooked orache around mushroom balls before encasing the whole lot in blanched garlic mustard leaves. After reheating these parcels"
69	"closed-loop system, where the clock worked as long as it was loaded with metal balls with which to strike a gong. 78 Al-Jazari also invented water clocks with oil lamps"
70	"the famous office puzzle game Lines. You are helping Mario to clear the color balls from the board. But the rules are quite different. First, you are"
71	"the size of 3 tablespoons and shape each into a round ball. Place the balls on 1 or 2 baking sheets lined with parchment paper, spacing each out about"
72	"Inside the Slidy Diner) and Goldin (Go-Go-Go!) go together like matzo balls and chicken soup: the bright, daffy prose and ebulliently goofy cartoon and photo"
73	"Whether Warner scores large or not, he doesn't usually face a lot of balls and the ball is still newish, too new for Clarke and Ponting. # "
74	this stage it is vital to keep an eye on the indentations that these newer balls make. If you have knocked it in well there should be very few signs
75	"or satay skewers. *chuckles* # Truth to be told, my attempt to bake cake balls was purely accidental. It was in no way planned. # After our Batu"
76	"fewer balls being mis-hit, grinning more often. I noticed it too because the balls that were going in were the ones whizzing past me. # My racquet was"
77	"presence is felt when you see him out there, when you watch him challenge balls and challenge receivers in practice, "" he said. "" He got his hand"
78	swing at 15-20 pitches that were not close to being strikes (mostly high fast balls and splitters) and never saw him do anything except eat more sunflower seeds.
79	kind of balls I want to talk about today. I'm talking about the balls you need to effectively deal with procrastination. We were created with dream and ambition
80	"Getty Images SCORCHERS FAIL TO FIRE # Marsh blasted an unbeaten 52 off 41 balls, including a towering six which landed on the roof of Centurion and travelled a"
81	"will be English -- indeed, all the likely contenders (Miliband, Miliband, Balls, Burnham, Cruddas) are in their different ways very English. But in"
82	over - and Azhar and Misbah were able to cruise to the target with 38 balls to spare. Azhar finished unbeaten on 59 and Misbah on 35 and for them
83	shine a light on the balls. Have students move around the table viewing the balls. They can stoop down low or stand up high on a chair to gain
84	. Big strong strikers will be too slow and they'll probably rely on long balls and many crosses. We bought players to attack the opposition and play through the
85	"to sell here? Can't you see we're shooting boss! Oh. Balls. What did he just say? # "" I'm a sheriff with the"
86	Some reasons for visiting the Referee include: # Ball Issues 41. Retrieving stray balls. Each player is responsible for removing stray balls and other objects from the player
87	"after this 13th general election! They have already got hold of Najib by his balls. When they already got Najib by his balls, Najib's heart and mind"
88	spare. # Nazir hit 72 off 36 deliveries good to see him hitting the balls like he used to hit. # Now Pakistan is in Super 8's with
89	"his off stump. # Herath then prised out James Franklin, who took 43 balls to eke out three, lbw when the ball straightened into his pads. # "
90	"who began to bombard the fortress and Fraternity. "" These ideals trans- with cannon balls. After four hours of fighting, 98 attackers lay formed France, then spread"
91	"we can't credit Trout for the fact that Albert Pujols hit some deep fly balls to score him. Also, I've found that the batter deserves some of"
92	hassel # Ya it was about a grand more than than mexico and its a balls to fly to if going from Dublin have to go via amsterdam via seattle and
93	"to do on this hemisphere.) Simple to do. If they have the balls, that is. # So, if we are going to take the constitution"
94	"him, how sir? To jail or not jail? Either ways, his balls are both squeezed. Left ball by sgreans; right ball by China. This"
95	this entire aliance with the carriers is just plain LAME. If Microsoft lacks the balls to drive features and functionality according to user demand and prefers to suck up on
96	the brighter and put the home side's error prone defence under pressure with long balls and play down the wings. The pressure nearly told on a couple of occasions
97	. # With that in mind we're throwing out one of oversized idea beach balls for you fine readers to bounce around. Here's what we're thinking:
98	like you're talking for some universal voice of the disenfranchised common man takes some balls man. The only people you're talking for is a bunch of unoriginal carmudgeons
99	"Baxter's wife (pictured) also found a volleyball # Drift: The sports balls were found on Middleton Island, about 70 miles from mainland Alaska # And yesterday"
100	Ministers from SUPP and MCA. What have they done? All don't have balls to voice out and support issues pertaining to the welfare of the Chinese Community.
101	"two covers (Queen's' Bohemian Rhapsody and German metal band Accept's' Balls To The Walls'), plus four remixes. # We discussed the new"
102	"performance # Last Sunday when the unknown Ajinkya Rahane scored 103 runs off just 60 balls at the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore, which helped the Rajasthan Royals to score"
103	"constant harassment disrupts the timing of the passing game, and forces quarterbacks to fit balls into tight windows. As a result, more balls are tipped and deflected,"
104	"across the room to get some distance. He flung nasty poison balls and cold balls and lightning streaks at her, forcing her to use more potions than she wanted"
105	"is old and plagued with moths that never quit, despite a battery of cedar balls and lavender bags and rather more toxic artillery. We can never have ice-cream for"
106	you have to do is walk through all you have to do is have the balls to unfortunately in the end i can't force you # this is the wool
107	as the last recognized batsman. Umar Akmal and Tanvir added 22 runs in 20 balls before Tanvir was out stumped by Kamran off Mendis. Guess who walks in?
108	visitors needing 50 odd off 24 balls at 120 for 8. # With 12 balls to go however it is 147 for 8 as Thommo goes for 20 mostly to
109	"you in suspense long enough for you to think you may actually be going "" balls to the walls "" crazy with anticipation of the (most times) weekly dosage"
110	"way we batted at all. We knew we had to get the runs to balls down as quick as we could. "" # Of the other contenders for this"
111	"as dust. I closed my lids, and kept them close, And the balls like pulses beat; For the sky and the sea, and the sea and"
112	soon as the cord of corruption is cut off. Some are nothing but stagnant balls of smoke made of sheer ignorance. Mr. David Mark was one of them.
113	experience IN YOUR LIFE. # Now I'd be the first person to say balls to that on seeing that a YouTube clip was running anything over three minutes and
114	"runs in the last 15 overs, his share being an unbeaten 61 off 43 balls with five fours and three sixes. # The BCB XI were never in with"
115	of them halted for a second or two apparently coming across a defective batch of balls. They have cracked open a fresh can behind the umpire's chair though and
116	"to Lions skipper Alviro Petersen at long-off, while Vijay perished for 22 off 25 balls in the following over, leg before to Phangiso. # This made it 70"
117	"small view, the universe is just something small and round, like those water-filled balls which produce a miniature snowstorm when you shake them. Although, unless the ineffable"
118	"humidity quickly. # "" We thought it would be a drier heat but both balls towards the end (of the Afghanistan innings) were hard to hold onto."
119	"storm clouds lingered like a ceiling full of mobiles made up of misshapen cotton wool balls, suspended in the sky with invisible string. Come rain or shine, all"
120	"wouldn't have been so nice as to go there because they were breaking my balls, saying go there, go there,? Schettino says in the conversation,"
121	"# A couple of weeks ago I noted that Liverpool hadn't played any through balls, but now the Reds are finding those incisive passes. It's not the"
122	on the ground. Kids are now urged to wear helmets when they toboggan and balls have been banned at a school in Toronto. This has to be the worst
123	EDT # 250 or more and shussed to being dacent to ridicular tribe member with balls of brass knowing he being a reporter to a higher authority. # Report abuse
124	"the NBA' s current dominant tandem. (Those two play like twin wrecking balls swinging at the same target.) Carter, though, had already come down"
125	"as "" tipping "" but was distinguished by the use of finger holes in the balls, by the pins being taller and thinner and by the use of a kingpin"
126	Peterson had made room to hit over extra cover. Peterson made 24 off 19 balls with three fours and a six. # Quinton de Kock got a reprieve off
127	In reaction to this a much disturbed Pakistani coach Intikab Alam lamented that whenever the balls were changed strangely it worked for Sri Lanka. # Wait.... wait! Please
128	"different coloured balls plus the 8 ball, which is black. Alternatively, numerical balls may be used numbered 1-7, which are plain coloured balls, and 9-15,"
129	"sticks # balls (tennis, wiffle) Method # As you pass the balls and hockey sticks to each student, ask them to guide the ball without lifting"
130	years in the Treasury and then in Der Bunker. It certainly wasn't Ed Balls who recruited' Mr McBride' into the heart of Number 10 as he barely
131	"I'm sure if Amanda cared to respond to Susie she would have had the balls to do so in her own name, since she had the character to submit"
132	"Christmas ornament! We have 3 painters in Tanzania who turn these white paper mache balls into works of ART! They are truly beautiful. Hotels, gift shops and"
133	the pay-day loan sharks! I think it is a holy disgrace that these sleaze balls lend customers money against their child-tax credit and child benefit payments. There is only
134	"maximum size is "" a fist of about 150cm human "", one or two balls are enough to fullfil your stomach. You may find it at the place like"
135	you have to make shots that might not be readily made because of how the balls are lying on the table (the table is also longer). # There
136	"height and thickness. # 4. To create the nose scrunch the newspaper into balls, cover in glue and place over the nose, building it up until it"
137	"'s leading allrounder, and Junaid Siddique, who had raced to 41 off 21 balls. # While Ojha sealed the game for India with the ball, Yuvraj Singh"
138	"to snag balls. Sections 135, 136 and 137 look very appealing, but balls don't land in these sections as often as you might think. The bullpen"
139	sent back Jason Roy and Nasir Jamshed (27) in the space of five balls. Faisal began his miserable day by being run out in the next over before
140	"better now rather than after a chilling. Try balling it now and putting the balls in the fridge to harden up a bit, then re-roll the pre-shaped balls when"
141	"15 to 30 pound range. Like our previous session of casting to aggressively feeding balls of tarpon, we once again came across two such situations. Twenty to thirty"
142	from 51 balls with Brathwaite. # Ambris struck four fours while Brathwaite faced 97 balls in a stay at the crease that lasted a shade of two and a half
143	"Lanka Fish Cutlet Balls and Chinese Egg Rolls 36. Sri Lanka Fish Cutlet Balls and Chinese Egg Rolls # The Chinese egg rolls in Sri Lanka were so-so,"
144	most of the batsmen below are opening batsmen. Generally they do have more dot balls because it's more difficult to bat at the start of the innings. The
145	rooms were also built in most towns. In them people played cards and attended balls. In London pleasure gardens were created. # Moreover a kind of cricket was
146	BGA are put down using taky flux to hold them in place whilst the BGA balls flow to the specially masked pads. No stencils are used. # We did
147	"see it plunge into the sun in a fiery death. # Comets are dusty balls of ice, generally originate from the Kuiper belt, a region of icy small"
148	the special one will not allow U to loose possesion like 5time on the long balls before substituting U. Else david is good. Then #Torres... 4goals nd he's
149	"speeds, the First Touch Air Cannon Challenge will see a high-powered air cannon launch balls into the air for the players to control and then strike into two targets."
150	"just cook rice with a little extra water, mash it and form it into balls). If you make the stew, serve it over rice with condiments,"
151	# Did you hear the story about a fox and a fat goat with large balls hanging from thin scotrum? The fox padded the hoof a long distance assuming the
152	"take real balls. "" (general agreement) "" Balls the size of cue balls. Was your son always like that? "" # It still sounds completely inappropriate"
153	"and if the ball enters in these grooves, players can increase their number of balls. But it is difficult to enter the grooves, so many people get nothing"
154	equity but mainly because people's incomes fall and they can't keep all the balls in the air. This week's survey from the credit unions reinforces the contention
155	"cooking there is no binding agent added, so if you want to treat your balls a bit rough, add a little beaten egg.most enjoyable with female company.at breakfast."
156	"is better than what he's shown. # "" (Hackney) overthrew some balls and underthrew some balls today, the ball looked like it was all over the"
157	"in a WorldTour team wants to jeopardise everyone else's livelyhood then they must have balls the size of whatever. "" # "" Would give a disgruntled rider the ability"
158	"our odds are better if we were to finish bottom 5 rather than the lottery balls system? # Either way, the only way we're better off is if"
159	object to fall from a given height did not depend on its weight. Rolling balls down inclined planes also allowed Galileo to examine the downwards component of the speed of
160	"shocked West Ham but they slowly came back into the game, with their high balls into the box causing the hosts problems at the back. # Indeed with just"
161	were relying on breakaways but were looking more like scoring when they did due to balls through the Wolves defence for attackers to run on to. And one through ball
162	"moment fighting over a toy, a miniature pool table, and there were small balls and cue sticks scattered all over the unit. The children were not responding to"
163	"problem. # Obviously you know that life has a way of throwing you curve balls. # If you're inexperienced in business, then you need to know that"
164	left we had to go pick up her grandchildren from school. These boys were balls of purely curious energetic cacophony. They practically bounced off the wallsof the car as
165	"the outfield, but Taylor and Ryder soldiered on, putting on 114 in 162 balls before Taylor was dismissed, with a great catch by Kallis off Tahir's bowling"
166	"BALLS.. (nut free suitable for School lunches), we have higher protein Balls called "" MUSCLE BALLS ""... soon to be released and also down the track"
167	"here with only 4 sleeps, 72 holes and doubtless one or two more lost balls between me and The End. An appropriate time to look back, this time"
168	", go with scooping dough after it's chilled. Or you can scoop into balls and then chill the balls. So many options! # so i made the"
169	", Austraillian, British or what ever. # and for the sad annoying fud balls who worry about spelling and grammer, it's the message that counts, again"
170	"you might be consuming for breakfast. # "" Why don't you suck my balls mr garrison? "" is a pretty good comeback to almost anything (bonus points"
171	"for three. # Bravo, whose knock included four fours and a six-off 41 balls, repaired the damage in a 50-run, fourth-wicket stand with Kieron Pollard (15"
172	because accomplishing it is the closest someone can get to truly grabbing life by the balls and using it for all it is worth. Here are the 10 things you
173	"Coulter-Nile that proved decisive in the final outcome. # Coulter-Nile made 52 off 52 balls in the first innings, and snared three wickets for the match in a solid"
174	"with Connie, reluctant suffragette (ditto Jenny Agutter) in upper-crust Edwardian England. Balls fly and peevishness and misunderstanding conspire amidst the cucumber-sandwiched cricket grounds and salons of yore"
175	north-south. But not if the needle was close to iron objects - like cannon balls or any other iron object on a ship. # Astrolabes had been used for
176	"wait to sharpen up the old skinning blades. # Do Xer's even have balls are have they "" transcended "" the need for "" a pair "". I"
177	Sorry didn't answer your question. No I never say that anybody should grow balls or that they have balls. Seems ludicrous to me. Just as bad to
178	"right groin. The 39-year-old guard had seven points on 2-of-5 shooting with two air balls in his 1,310th career game, most among active players and 10th on the all-time"
179	"'m pumped to end this sucker right!! # p.s. work out sucked major balls today, that's what happens after a night of boozing and smoking. also"
180	"all four walls of a large room. # 5. You should not throw balls up when the ceiling fan is on, using the ceiling fan as a bat"
181	"skincare regime that is ridiculously long! I have dry skin too, which sucks balls since it means premature ageing. I always try to have hyaluronic acid in my"
182	way to Japantown in San Franciso just to get a bite of these yummy seafood balls.... hot off the grill! Your recipe is a heaven-sent because now I can
183	and accuse the receiver that he gave....? In reality the giver has no balls to say it and the rest of you only talk cock. # Malaysia is
184	"you might even think about things such as inflatable sharks, boats, rings and balls. Don't forget those inflatables you take to the seaside. # 12."
185	"# Not too far away, a few other clowns in funky cloths were throwing balls and making balloon animals. # "" They can't be called clown, """
186	""" she continued, "" there is no room for the pebbles or the golf balls. The same goes for your life. If you spend all your time and"
187	"fought catch-weight, "" said Green. # "" I'm the one putting my balls on the line fighting a heavyweight. # "" I'm just trying to square"
188	"upon set-pieces, and getting the better of the opposition centre-backs when challenging for high balls will be crucial. Both concede, on average, two fouls per match this"
189	". # "" He throws low balls, he's had the most knocked down balls in the league as a quarterback, "" noted Ferri. # It's only"
190	"House. # Dear Fred, I want Mitt Romney to start throwing "" hard balls "" at President Obama. He is way to soft with his replies to accusations"
191	Leadsom spoke out after Tucker said he did not discuss the inter-bank lending rate with Balls or Labour's former city envoy Shriti Vadera during October 2008. The remarks by
192	"all comes down to quality over quantity, when Pakistani hand-stitched balls and Chinese machine-made balls come head to head for the big FIFA selection process. # It was in"
193	"soccer ball is kicked into a child's face and breaks his nose, golf balls are driven into male crotches - repeatedly. Happy Ever Afters (15)"
194	##3550320 # Number Twins In this game there will be a grid of balls numbered from 1 to 9. You need to match the balls that add up
195	"Sir Donald Bradman comes second in.. behind Len Hutton who scored 364 from 847 balls at the Oval back in 1938, beating Bradman's 334 which was made 8"
196	"why is d idiot still wearing his pants,, will love to see his balls too. who are those fools calling those boys cultists, is dat a reason"
197	in 47 balls for the third wicket before Jayawardane was stumped for 40 off 33 balls with 6 boundaries. # Right hander Luxmi Shukla blasted 24 off 11 balls to
198	"The accumulation of effects of several random processes results in a normal distribution, like balls bouncing down a Pachinko board. # Flipping a coin is not luck in a"
199	"with Mini QQ Balls # Here at UFO, taro balls are known as QQ balls and they take pride on their hand made QQ balls. On a cool rainy"
200	"banking scandal would be an utter farce, Chancellor George Osborne and his shadow Ed Balls provided it. Opening the debate on the proposed inquiry, they behaved like a"
201	"i don't have the whole picture. History shows that UK did have the balls in the past -- if you still got them, well hanged then: -"
202	the full whack of a Latin substitute - Alma Mater) they organised their Grand Balls seemingly in five star hotels - Hilton &; Dorchester. They paid enormous amounts of
203	effects are already being felt. And no not just in locality boys knocking their balls into certain neighboring balconies with increasing frequencies or the friendly vacuum cleaner salesman asking for
204	"him, no wonder you got detention. You can't go around kicking guys balls. # you're a ****ing moron. when a guy touches your breast, it"
205	then open the ball hole cover. Secondly add the remaining 20% of the steel balls. The ball ore particle size is determined by changing the size of the grid
206	. A perfect position in which to keep warm and watch those strange peeping fluff balls. Indy didn't move from this spot for most of the weekend. # 
207	", the foreskin should be retracted gently and the glans penis cleansed using cotton wool balls or a sterile topical swab and sterile water or according to local policy. Each"
208	"56 and healthy. Minus 10. # In true Kris fashion, she goes BALLS OUT to secure spots for herself, Bruce, and all the Jenner/Odom family members"
209	". # Maybe Gordon Brown wasn't mad after all, maybe it was Ed Balls that was the problem. It was difficult to imagine Labour getting into a worse"
210	as well as give it a more complex flavour. Remember to cover the dough balls with clingwrap to keep the surface from drying out. If you are in a
211	make a simple decision. I will say that when it comes to delivering long balls he does have superb accuracy but is often let down by teammates misjudging the ball
212	"to dances was a white fur shoulder wrap, especially white rabbit with two puff balls on either end. # Red Scare / Mnogo Nukes: You really don't"
213	"one player alone and have to rely on the AI teammates for support. Through balls are consistently played about 2 seconds after they need to be, if at all"
214	"the coach said: "" We thought we were close. A couple of good balls would have been great but I feel sorry for Christian. If it did go"
215	"prospects weakened for the global car industry. The hedge funders took out their crystal balls and concluded that this meant Porsche would stop buying shares, and so the share"
216	"He looked at the lump in his hand, then systematically separated the different coloured balls and proceeded to mould the clay into various shapes. He made a blue bird"
217	"you're playing to impress, why not get a fancy can to keep your balls in? Of course because it's Tiffany, this particular tennis ball can is"
218	"are white globe thieves, they will never change, because no government has the balls to deal with them the way they should, many directors, executives etc are"
219	"a good choice to leave. It's just a shame he finally found some balls to say something honest, only after he left F1. There are plenty of"
220	"a single heat in SA against a white competitor. # Cass definitely got his balls from his father. Ahmed never stood back for anyone, and it was he"
221	"genesis of syntactical speech and creative intelligence. "" # So why does having your balls busted by other dudes turn you on when you're not even remotely interested in"
222	"? Or are you going to look at the bigger picture, realise that curve balls are going to come flying at incredible speeds, unexpectedly constantly throughout life, and"
223	band and have a wank all over them well dressed boys cause im sure your balls are GAGGING for a bit of gay. # OK... I would like to
224	a staple under Wade Phillips. The increase in zone coverage reduced the number of balls that had previously flown over the top of the defense because more defenders played with
225	seem to last forever! You definitely have my sympathy. # I bought three balls of this and knit a Chinook scarf with it (Ravelry). It did
226	"Hello Gillian What a lovely idea for a garland. I have tried making felt balls and have had some success (they take a while, but are quite therapeutic"
227	and take them out. Make sure that your balls don't touch the red balls. Remove all the glassy blocks but make sure you don't take out one
228	"potatoes won't derail your weight loss efforts. For dessert, savor two golf balls of pie -- choose your favorites -- or swap out one of the flavors in"
229	the ACDC because... I've got big balls. Oh I've got big balls. Seriously I got the big 7cm ones because I want to use them ton
230	our own. When things get too hard we have to drop some of the balls we are juggling -- and often that bCeomes church and our relationships with other Christians
231	"with furious dedication. Whether dropping deep to trade off passes or latching on to balls over the top, Suarez was magnificent. He tracked back to tackle the ball"
232	",' but do you remember the way we were rocking and rolling to Great Balls Of Fire, kicking the plates everywhere?' # ' Bloody hooligans,'"
233	"clip of Shane Dorian getting shacked at Jaws do yourself a favour and watch the balls, commitment and skill of this man as he rides through a heaving, spitting"
234	clubs.' It is very unfortunate that our boys and girls use substandard soccer balls for practice and matches. We will liase with the government to make sure that
235	"It also includes guidelines for use of identity in kits, uniforms, bat, balls, stumps etc., city specific branding elements and event collaterals, guidelines and storyboards"
236	". Instead of praise the government actively encourages the ones who don't have the balls to see it through, and who insist on playing out the farce and dramatics"
237	"say: I DID touch it enough to make it hard before I rode your balls, isn't that enough foreplay? This whole heterosexual sex situation is straight out"
238	"coming in your opposite direction. If you do visit, do nt let your balls overwhelm your brain, that road will get you, period.. I lost count"
239	to steer the missile through the obstacles. Good luck and have fun! # Balls 2D Have fun with this cool and colorful brickbreaker arcade game! Launch the happy
240	than either of them realised but both had a high regard for those with the balls to answer back and stand their ground. # Pole-Carew would have respected Clough because
241	"to be a great character. A short, fat, black woman that had balls to go nose to nose with Batman. Now it's some skinny, Halle"
242	India did not lose any wicket till lunch. Pujara scored her century in 190 balls. Yuvraj reached her half century by facing 98 balls. England bowlers bowled with
243	"respectively, before AB de Villiers dug in to make 29 not out in 114 balls to shepherd South Africa to safety. # There was one more scare left for"
244	shit. The dems just now for the first time in ten years grew some balls. I think time for worrying about what the mother fucking republicans who want to
245	"won a pile of money, but also in appreciation of any man with the balls to fall asleep in the front row. # The Japanese were a protected species"
246	"pen, the pitch might be "" write your own ticket. "" Mini soccer balls or footballs could contain an offer to "" score. "" # Build in a"
247	some time in the future) where there should be policies. This arguably leaves Balls and Miliband with little choice but to offer some little nuggets instead a coherent programme
248	"the opener took centre stage on the fourth afternoon. # The 22-year-old took 163 balls to reach his century, midway through the post-tea session, and in doing so"
249	saw her swim under logs in a swamp filled with fish guts to collect yellow balls # The mother-of-three retrieved seven of 12 balls in the challenge and earned treats for
250	"called for and instead of the gift of doves, how about you give golf balls instead "
251	"the bed, perhaps in easy reach of one cheeky Olive. # But these balls of yarn I've been finding aren't just picked up and moved by a"
252	"say something to my face when I ask, Please buy yourself a pair of balls and play with them. "" # It should be noted that other well-regarded,"
253	a loose ball every over. For someone like Smith who just thrives on loose balls it just makes it all too easy. Its at least 3.5 to 4 an
254	"been a ring of truth to that statement. One man against another -- no balls, no bats, no racquets, no swords. Just a pair of hands"
255	"Monoids. Basically, the Monoids are tall aliens played by men with ping pong balls in their mouths painted like eyes, and weird Beatle wigs on top of their"
256	"thought until after the orgasm, when we're prying puff adders off of our balls and screaming for antivenom. From this perspective, it's almost impossible for us"
257	"deep breath. # Then it's back to the day. Back to keeping balls in the air, kids on swings, food in bellies. Make it"
258	". # 4. I believe it is time for someone (that has the balls to serve in office, Prez, House, Senate, and other wise)"
259	"where I live, I went with Pam, and found they sold a few balls of crochet thread, so I bought some from there, a ball of white"
260	"of 1375 grams, or about 3 pounds. # This is the original 13 balls. # It grew and grew, and it got heavier and heavier, and"
261	"railing and pick up the ball. Roger Federer and James Blake hit their match-point balls into the crowd last week. Sometimes, a ball boy will bobble several balls"
262	"in the country but he was fantastic and kept it ticking and played some great balls forward. # "" We have all had a bit of jet-lag in our time"
263	"finished product is a work of art, from the grass roof, to gold balls, ceramic tiles, bottle glass windows, mosaic tiling, copper handwork, cobblestone"
264	"examples say little more about the ethics of polygamy as a cultural tradition than masked balls say about the ethics of veiling. -- Simon May, "" Liberal Feminism and the"
265	Bertie Ahern (our gobshite prime minister) was actually born with a set of balls # No wild snakes in Ireland since the land bridge disappeared with the melting of
266	two of my favorite perks of using Raising Green Kids' simple felted wool dryer balls. Adding a few drops of a fragrant essential oil to your dryer balls has
267	"finger injury he gave the flipper up. Instead he developed a variety of straight balls with clever changes of flight, pace, over spin and side spin. # "
268	about the cannon balls? How are you keeping track of the number of cannon balls? # Share solutions Other contexts # Sometimes fruit is piled this way at
269	"you've got 5 x 6/2 = 15, and that's the number of balls in a rack. In this case, the sum of D and every smaller"
270	"178 off 200 balls, raced to a double hundred which came off just 212 balls to register the sixth fastest double ton in Test cricket. # Watson and Philander"
271	", you'd have no troubles, but if I dumped a truckload of identical balls in that same room chances are you'd never find the one true ball."
272	"to capture different colours and then utilising the touch screen, you touch the coloured balls while avoiding the asteroid type objects. # Super Monkey Ball Banana Splitz is not"
273	"quicker, more explosive, better coached team lost. It happens.. The loose balls and a decent look at the end of the game didn't go our way"
274	"# The quicks wasted the new ball as they threw down a barrage of short balls on a green wicket, playing to the strengths of South Africa's openers."
275	in the same form through which he had made the fastest century off just 36 balls against Sri Lanka in Colombo about 16 years back. That was a world Record
276	". There are already many Americans playing LMS cricket around the world, including the Balls and Stripes, who play in the Regents Park evening leagues in London (see"
277	"warm the heart of every militant, "" We've got' em by the balls -- squeeze a little "". 43 An attempt by the AFL to derail the"
278	costumes (ie. hip scarves or hula skirts) and use props (ie. poi balls or ribbons). Please include a nut-free snack and drink for 75 minute classes
279	"Mathematics Laboratory, to replicate natural erosion. Here, researchers submerged clay shaped as balls and cylinders into a 15-ft. long water tunnel. The tunnel was designed to continuously"
280	shot and he went 2-0 up in no time but then missed a few easy balls and let his opponent back into the match. Eventually it went 2-2 and to
281	with first and second base being major issues. Romero had a batting average on balls in play against him that was 20 points worse than average in 2012. # 
282	"If you're going after the 8th ball, after pushing the 6th and 7th balls off the ledge, jump across the gap onto the walkway to the SW."
283	"devilled sausages. We can win this. time to smash those West Indies' balls far and wide!! (Gary, Sydney but now in CMB) # "
284	"don't know what it takes. "" # By Friday October 5, with Balls away in Yorkshire, the inner circle gathered in Downing Street, heard the latest"
285	one hour until doubled in bulk. # Punch down dough and form into small balls the size of golf balls. Place on parchment lined baking tray. Cover and
286	"greatest closer of all-time crumpled on the warning track of Kauffman stadium while shagging fly balls, tearing his ACL and leaving his career in doubt. # The injury left"
287	""" organization The Onion, Joint Command said on Saturday that said the half-dozen tar balls found at Dauphin Island were being sent to a lab for testing to determine their"
288	"still resonated with me because, on occasion, even I have dropped a few balls, often the non-work variety. Enough said. # We all face crossroads in"
289	"Care "", or worse yet, for adoption. # They are using crystal balls to predict, John Hemming MP called it the "" Thought Police approach to Child"
290	British Army issue rum jars. Perhaps the most powerful relics documented were small lead balls that were found across Anzac Cove. They are a reminder of how the devastating
291	"my head. # We also witness the live trap they used to trap American balls. Lots of sharp object involved. Now I know where the word "" balls"
292	was a kid (I vaguely remember sprouting seeds on a plate of soggy cotton balls...) and I'm pretty sure it was at school under the instruction of
293	the American people. We would probably knuckle under as our governments have generally lacked balls. With all the UN's faults we're still probably better off as we
294	about and unravel. # More often that not life then gets complicated as the balls you are juggling start to hit the ground. Not everyone can forgive you for
295	"pitch in the second half unprepared to face the onslaught. # We lost 50/50 balls, we failed completely to get 2nd ball, we lost our shape and our"
296	"the wheel! # josiah Meldrum 31 Oct 3:28pm # Hi Julia, # Ed Balls is actually a formally endorsed member of the Co-operative party and so is technically a"
297	"- but maybe, just perhaps, you have to rub a lot of crystal balls to find the diamond..."
298	"that spit out balls at a player. # Yet, in the Footbonaut, balls come at you from 360 degrees rather than just one direction. # A hissing"
299	Kings by five wickets in a high-scoring final. An innings of 89 in 48 balls from Manvinder Bisla helped them overhaul a stiff target of 191 to win the game
300	"a fundamental recast in its approach to Europe, and I can only applaud Mr Balls in his leading a change in emphasis. # "" That it was a Labour"
301	"them in a program I'm doing tomorrow! # Ted Baumhauer I got the balls and just wanted to say thank you. The kids love them, and I"
302	the game is to leave only a single ball on the board. To remove balls from the board hit them with the same colour. # Road Blocks A truly
303	"here and provide a service for the public sector and now have the guts and balls to just say, hey, we have had enough, we want equality and"
304	"so far I am pleased with it. Microsoft as ever put in those curve balls.... no shutdown button. Several mouse click/hovers to get to the shutdown option,"
305	"billiards on this digitally upgraded pool table that interacts with every movement of the pool balls. Custom set high definition imagery displays underneath each ball, and more of the"
306	"Ajantha Mendis' different bamboozlements, Nuwan Kulasekara's mix of inswingers and huge slower balls and Jeevan Mendis' skiddy legrollers, Lasith Malinga could afford to have an off"
307	"2005. As a national swing, Labour would lose 150 seats. # Ed Balls shows up to name a gleaming new school IT unit after Gwynneth Dunwoody. Teachers"
308	", areas, and the creatures that live in them. # World of Goo Balls -- Along the way, undiscovered new species of Goo Ball, each with unique"
309	# Skipper Kumar Sangakkara led the chase with a slow and steady 133 off 151 balls and Thisara Perera later slammed a quick 44 but the India's total seemed way
310	"that is not working here. Though it might have been, had you the balls to actually own anything you said. # Juniper, one of the things I"
311	", experience, and wisdom,? such as? playing with toys, throwing balls, operating tricycles or velocipedes, or # THIS IS AN ORIGINAL PAGE-BREAK: # "
312	's Mad Hair Day and Easter Bonnet Parade on April 2. # * Ed Balls would make me laugh if he didn't make me want to weep. Following
313	team of mechanical engineers led by Prof. Jim Sherwood put 192 unused 1999- and 2000-vintage balls through a battery of tests and accompanied MLB personnel on tours of the plants where
314	"win. "" We have to learn from our mistakes. There were two good balls. The ball came in and we (myself and Virat Kohli) played early"
315	"Bores them into bed, maybe. 37 Ed Balls # What makes Ed Balls's eyes bulge? This may sound like the start of a dirty joke and"
316	"the questions, she has decided on a strategy in which she will place four balls (marked A, B, C, D) into a box. she"
317	colour. The tower is divided into seven rotating sections that enable you to move balls from column to column. To create a space in which to move balls there
318	"different style in terms of texture. If you are wondering, all the fish balls they serve here are hand-made by the son. Before their business expanded to the"
319	. Thank you very very much Jackie. The things i like playing with the balls is kicking the ball in the air. I think the whole school love's
320	"for the design. The logo had to incorporate three balls in motion. Three balls were to be used specifically to reflect the three initials of his name, KSG"
321	for match play from the first kick - Used on the synergie and Revolution Match Balls only 
322	"L'Engle to mix religion with some pretty heavy pagan aspects, like witches and crystal balls. # Overall, I did enjoy the story and definitely appreciate the themes and"
323	had a tap in to finish. # I remember looking at the two golf balls on the green and thinking I'd rather have his next shot than mine and
324	or more of the pins inside the machine because we see a certain excess of balls exiting with certain velocities. You can model all sorts of possible pin arrangements.
325	"Thanks to Irfan Pathan, who in a rearguard action, hit 36 off 22 balls with the help of four fours and one six that Delhi managed to post a"
326	"had made 78 off 56, with his last 52 runs coming off just 19 balls. # Captain Sammy ensured the momentum did not go down, with a 15-ball"
327	"failed to cut teenage pregnancy rates or obesity levels. # Controversial plans: Ed Balls wants schools to take more responsibility for pupils' wellbeing # Mick Brookes, general"
328	wife and their sick three-week-old daughter. # After a hurricane century off just 90 balls by Virender Sehwag -- what a thrilling start to the series from this most destructive
329	"). And the article says this word means "" courage "" in Spanish. Balls. The Spanish aren't afraid to call a testicle a testicle. # Peter"
330	"footballs, 4 netballs, 1 volleyball, 4 soccer balls, 4 soft cricket balls and thirty Fair Game packs. We used our art and craft kit to decorate"
331	"was looking at a gas. The atoms of a gas bounce around like billiard balls, it's a billiard ball model of how a gas works. And each"
332	6 days was watching the Italian referee inspecting the Warsaw pitch only to discover that balls don't roll in puddles. # The World Cup in Brazil promises to be
333	"it is quiet time I like to lie by the fire and dream of tennis balls. But no, this thing has to come over and TOUCH ME! I"
334	"to support what was already in the constitution but no, instead he makes a balls of his own smoke screen. # All for the rights of children but the"
335	"? Best Answer - Chosen by Voters # never kick a guy in the balls, ever, unless they're about to kill you or a ninja that comes"
336	I would have milk. # Kate: i didn't know goats have huge balls. a friend of mine had goats growing up. he said they were just
337	"recession and policies that would inject badly needed demand into economy... "" # Ed Balls being right on the recession doesn't mean he was right on the policies."
338	all the onigiri balls you make. # This method works marvelously for brown rice balls as well as white rice balls. Brown rice balls can be a bit tricky
339	"surprise either way. # What not to ask for: # 1. Golf balls # Golf balls are usually a holiday favourite, and can make a brilliant little"
340	divert resources and smoking bans divert attention from the fact that Martin is making a balls of the system which is he charged with running. Sorting out that mess ought
341	"delay to the start. # But Vaughan, who top-scored with 89 off 92 balls, was delighted with their efforts. "" They put on a great show to"
342	"or anything moving fast, and you'll see what I mean. # The balls of light on the original video show no such flickering when the tape is paused"
343	"But I would imagine that if she does say yes, then those big "" balls "" will come in handy for the all-you-can-take treat that follows. Well dude,"
344	". # I made one using half of a ball i mean like the health balls i don't know the name, but it was a nice and smooth outcome"
345	"shape them into balls. # Please don't say they look like edible poop balls... # Well, they do look like poop, especially when I had used"
346	"out with cookie cutters because there were few available. Usually, someone formed little balls of dough and shaped the figures. There would have been an apple or maybe"
347	skyed an Onions slower-ball to Strauss at first slip. # Best faced just 112 balls with a six and 14 fours. # His partnership with Ramdin erased the previous
348	see it all the time. Spoiled ass young adults who have life by the balls and they don't even realize it because they're too busy being whiny little
349	Strano. # Kris Britt led the way for the bat with 38 from 36 balls and Sarah Hungerford's 18 assisting in the run chase which come down to he
350	"hard as they might. It also means that, occasionally, one of those balls is dropped. For example, I have been so focused on my work and"
351	"vote for Romney is a vote for war, but he does not have the balls to do that, and maybe Americans don't care because only a few are"
352	"' said the butler, appearing. # ' Bring the ballot box and the balls. Now clear out!' he added roughly when the butler had obeyed."
353	"or bounce of walls and foam cladded poles. A place of evil squashed plastic balls that somehow manage to invade every corner of the establishment, and often toilet facilities"
354	"life -- just a single cell. They have different shapes -- some look like balls, rods or spirals. They have a tough cell wall that protects them."
355	"on elbows, lift heels off the floor as far as you can, keeping balls of feet in contact with floor. Gently lower down and repeat several times;"
356	"J plays now IS Aussie hip-hop. And yes, they should play music with balls (if it's any good) The Burning Sounds: # 13 Jul"
357	the bat with nothing to fear. Adams managed to score 30 off just 17 balls and more importantly extended Auckland's innings until the 19th over. He was also
358	"times. Then, in over #2, BL2 bowls from right to left six balls. Then, in over #3, BL1 (or somebody else) bowls from"
359	"the DVD collection though. # Germany should be blamed too for not having the balls to come out and play more attacking football. They played scared. Ozil,"
360	"anger is misdirected. The police are not mind readers, don't have crystal balls and no amount of "" what if's "" will bring back loved ones."
361	"LIKED IT and pass through all the community shit without crying and with 2 steel balls. # The community of DotA (and all similar games) has been,"
362	"at this level - played some massive shots and added 50 runs off just 22 balls. # "" It was great to see how Barnwell played and tried his best"
363	"tight against us knowing this and we often struggled. But for a few killer balls from Alex Song we didn't see the consistency in this area, and were"
364	that it's bigger and wider than most other gloves so that they can catch balls thrown from the infielders. Many times the ball is thrown in the dirt and
365	"boat being subjected to piracy on the high seas, they might just have enough balls to go for it. If one of them publishes it, paid or not"
366	"for the second consecutive night. He scored on alley-oops past Aaron Brooks, three balls and even some drives to the hoop. # Richardson's effectiveness meant the Suns"
367	. When I first got mine done my coach told me to use like cotton balls and medical tape or something like that and put it over it right at first
368	") but as Betty White says: "" Why do people say "" grow some balls ""? Balls are weak and sensitive. If you wan na be tough,"
369	"2009 Ashes. # 3 Owais Shah: 10 runs 5.00 # Two good balls, one missed opportunity. He will come again, maybe as soon as the"
370	"1988-89 series against Australia in Brisbane with last ball of first innings and first two balls of his first spell in the second innings. By 1994, Walsh was appointed"
371	"A coward can easily make empty threats online; it takes a dude with true balls to seek out and do it., But you can not do it. You"
372	workout regime. We shall see what happens from here on. If putting in balls through the net gives me a sense of empowerment and satisfaction which I clearly lack
373	"four. Solid, yes never troubled by an expected late on rush of high balls but were not able to offer anything going forward. To the midfield, pleased"
374	"long as no other ball goes down. # h) If a ball or balls are legally pocketed, this entitles the player to one additional shot and this continues"
375	"the matter. "" A proper session? "" What sort of a load of balls is that? Are you saying that Michael doesn't play in a "" proper"
376	"he's been outstanding for Everton and would be the perfect balance to Gerrards long balls. "" # George Dobson on Twitter: "" Even if they don't start"
377	"KE for each of the balls. # This distribution does not lead to all balls having the same energy, because it is possible for a slow moving ball to"
378	"life, is like asking expecting your gut to make a phone call or your balls to learn to dance hip hop. # Chemists don't do the meaning of"
379	"piss me off. # Honestly, as much as Obama sucks some serious fucking balls, the Republicans have constantly struck me as more authoritarian over the past two years"
380	"over was too much for the batsman especially when the first 2 deliveries were dot balls, by now you could see the frustration from Umar Akmal's body language."
381	"' Cricket is a very specific type of fitness you can only get by bowling balls in the nets,'' said Waugh, who will roll his arm over"
382	"?: -) I'm such a chicken to do it myself! No balls at all: (She kept going on and on about her "" 17 years"
383	first time I witnessed these red balls (approximately 2yrs ago) I saw 2 balls travelling together in a straight line at a much higher speed in a southerly direction
384	this is a political PR stunt which has little to do with aid.Except bring rugby balls to Gaza on the Irish Boat. # Please due tell me why do human
385	"of, to truly advance the science of climate, are people who have the balls to say, "" Yes, we produced five different models in the year 2000"
386	"'s just passed me this note that USSR is closing in on all-time record for balls on balls steerage. Hard to believe he can still walk half-way straight, Jon"
387	"clear of the machines which just isolate muscles and go for things like the medicine balls, kettle-bells and the parallel bars: stuff to build up functional muscle. Come"
388	"be politically incorrect to do otherwise.What about locking these turds up when they have the balls to go up to the registry and apply for a license, there is usually"
389	on the' internets' because there is no way that you would have the balls to say this stuff to anyone else on the street. It was an article
390	"there are types of sapphire products being offered out there in the market including sapphire balls, sapphire stones and obviously, the widely used sapphire window. Because they are"
391	"a spin on his bike anymore. # Meanwhile, Jessica has the big steely balls to ask Elizabeth if she'll convince Enid to set her up with Enid's"
392	". In fact, on the very first day he told us -- No Long Balls! Previously it has been about too many long balls for us and it was"
393	"with orange' cups' of peas placed round it, a pile of stuffing balls at one end, and sausages an bacon rolls at the other, that's"
394	"because of an injury to his right calf and scored a cautious 57 from 157 balls to help Sri Lanka to a first innings total of 275. # "" We"
395	". # There are three various kinds of golf balls. These three various golf balls are recognized as Balata, two-piece, or a ball with the mix of both"
396	"You guys don't deserve to brush elbows with Tebow you no named, no balls, no brain babies. # Why did the Jets want Tebow in the first"
397	"give you points. Kick the soccer balls to earn points, get the golden balls for bonuses and don't touch the pointy balls. Use your mouse. "
398	"bravely replied: "" I'll tense up my facial muscles when I hear the balls coming. "" # Which is a good idea, but my big concern is"
399	"guys with a stamp magnifier or jeweler's loupe. Behold! They are tiny balls: gray, shiny, knobby-surfaced spheres that look a bit like they are made"
400	"for some players to specialize into a format. ""... 2 runs in 19 balls and he only lasted that long because he wasn't good enough to touch the"
401	What is the maximum height reached by the ball? d) What is the balls vertical acceleration? e) What is its horizontal acceleration? f) At what
402	THE PIG HIMSELF!!! # That guy must have gargantuan (ugly) balls to hold a press conference defending Bush's spying on Americans in the name of
403	"lies aren't civil debate, child. And if you don't have the balls stand by your statements no matter what, you're a bigger than coward than"
404	"sent out to evaluate you. "" # She then states she has "" the balls "" to send Bond to his death, if need be. # Gulp."
405	"shot and their opponents took over. The games went quickly as teams cleared the balls away quickly, but Wilson's skill was again a factor. He was undefeated"
406	down. Cut the dough with a sharp knife into 16 pieces. Roll into balls. Line a tin with baking parchment and then arrange the buns on the sheet
407	cool because you can do so much more. You just have to have the balls that it's going the way you want it to go. I just feel
408	"balls smells in the world -- tennis, blue, and testicle -- fresh tennis balls takes the"
409	"opponent to do so. # The opening player plays at the triangle of object balls by striking the cue ball from any position on, or behind, the baulk"
410	". "" With a crotch as low slung as that, he could have nine balls in SNIP - Guardian Family Entertainment Editor # 40 min: "" Since you reported"
411	one.... # divide the balls into three groups. Let group A contains 3 balls group B contains 3 balls and group C contains 2 balls. FIRST TIME:
412	"States of) America, collectively speaking, need to grow some balls. Laconic balls. Otherwise they'll all continue to be merely sheeple. If the people of"
413	"to see you got mad, genius! go back praising and sucking $ony's balls like' exclusive-attention deprived' hoes. Trololololol # I agree, but it seems"
414	by a bizarre passage of play in which Alex Hare charged down seven THD sideline balls in a row. The THD right back refused to change his tactics despite being
415	"' D' grade big deal ah? But till then, enjoy getting your balls squeezed hard if you scared of the' D' grade. "" # It"
416	". Channel 4, maybe Dispatches, is probably the only outlet left with the balls to say it. # In total agreement with the points except that I was"
417	or rashly to deal with an ever changing situation. Probability and chance throw curve balls as you decide to take a percentage shot at an alien only to be let
418	"transport the balls out of the box. You have no direct control over the balls. Instead, you can turn the box around to move the balls out of"
419	shit of a sport. No matter what we do the game keeps throwing curve balls. Lukey needs to stand strong. He also needs to deal with reality.
420	Bale relies on him and Van der Vaart to supply him with passes and through balls but they both rely on Bale (and Lennon) to stretch the game for
421	"his team to attack Santos' vulnerability. # Bob. the main problem was balls in from the left, where we had a 17 year old and young CB"
422	last year &; was captain of an underperforming NSW team &; he only averages 81 balls a FC game - which is less than half what most frontline spinners bowl in
423	"school. While the facility was free, players got to bring their net, balls and bats. # Some of these tables are still around, but I hardly"
424	If you have a breed with fine fur like poodles they can get snow ice balls on there legs so it is important that you make sure to carfeul remove them
425	"jelly. Cook until the mixture is smooth. Brush the hot jelly over watermelon balls. (if jelly solidifies before application, reheat it and it will melt)"
426	struck to dismiss Jamshed and broke the crucial third wicket that came off just 55 balls. Two balls later Pakistan suffered another blow when Mitchell Starc scalped Kamran to bring
427	I have 6 4 Softball/2 Baseball. I am a 2 bagger with usually 6 balls total for BB. 4 for SB. I always have to have an even number
428	"I was only there once and opted for a bold 3 Wood with both opening balls. I cleared the river OK, but had awkward pitches from soaking rough to"
429	". My best line: "" I stared at the ground as my tears made balls out of the mud. "" (p 69) Nice. Ezeanya's imagination"
430	"was better, but still not correct since it was too sticky to make into balls and roll in the cinnamon sugar mixture. I resolved the issue by spooning the"
431	"enjoyed a nice day on Revis Island, let's be honest you dropped 3 balls, set up a Jets score and crashed and burned up all our hopes of"
432	to change out of them during the work day so you do nt overheat your balls........ # get a good climbing helmet so you do nt need to change that
433	"the most fouled player left in the tournament, plays a remarkable amount of long balls (which are roughly as accurate as Alonso's for Spain), and has"
434	"Way to smash into Earth knocking it off its own orbit, like two golf balls somehow colliding mid-air. There is the theory that an upcoming increase in solar flare"
435	it then? There's nothing said about the weights. # simple take 6 balls 3 each and weigh if amongst them 1 side is heavier than take 1 ball
436	"'s sandpit, and winning. She gives us these macho movies that have such balls, and you have to remember that it's a woman going out there and"
437	"which are falling. # CarlottaVance # "" See again -- your telly missed Ed Balls but clicked on in time for talking about a coalitionista? "" # Of course"
438	"are huge factors in this, and I'm not saying people should have crystal balls here! There are to many stories out there - then and present - of"
439	"balls, reaching 17 off 47 balls, but then scores 23 in as many balls before slamming 60 off 30. Not for a second does he doubt his ability"
440	inner demons. Nevertheless it may be worth finding out if RPK is getting his balls squeezed now and then by Rajendra Chola from India. The sudden shrill cries and
441	"line of kick, which results in greater accuracy -- Used on all GILBERT match balls # Hydratec -- Technical fabrics and waterproof laminations are combined to enhance the life and"
442	to team wins are significant. # The 30-year-old right-hander hit 123 off just 58 balls -- the highest individual score in all Twenty20 Internationals -- to guide New Zealand to
443	"country, "" Watson said. "" Playing out there I get a lot of balls and I have a lot of speed and that's what the coach wants me"
444	to better our family's and like ones the difference is that WE HAVE TO BALLS TO TAKE RISKS TO GET THEIR!!! all of these haters are just
445	"box to the head not once but three times! That ref has got no balls, it was easier for him to act like a fucking girl with his yellow"
446	"of her age in her time. She played the fortepiano, enjoyed the regular balls and was very fond of dancing, and was also a very proud seamstress."
447	. Picture a goalkeeper about to make a save - his weight is on the balls of his feet as he is ready to dive. As you set up to
448	"this is a perfect world, but in our world few people actually have the balls to relieve the tension, and even less will intensify the tension to the point"
449	"ULRICH KELLER: Well, I can see a motivation for him to take the balls out of the ditch and put them in the middle of the road. That"
450	"keeping track of how many chances for errors a fielder has -- how many fly balls or grounders come his way. From there, the Black Belt calculates how many"
451	it why they have to:) # Ok go play blizzard all stars (BALLS) when it comes out it looks pretty good haha roshan fights for u after
452	"Delyth Morgan, Ms Deech, Soley, D. Johnson, and the vile Ed Balls: # Now that that is done, there is a comment on that Soley"
453	6 months... # Yeah Stefing!!! If only the nexus one sucked balls and decided to try to force people to use a dedicated program to sync pics
454	"own product is just as good and slightly easier to spread. # 200 Cotton balls. Two small (100 ball) bags, or one large bag (300"
455	", I'd respectfully suggest a dignified silence might be in order. # Ed Balls is probably one of the most sensible and knowledgeable commentators on this subject in mainstream"
456	"their hair, wore frilly clothes with lace, and loved dancing the minuet at balls. # (Originally Posted by floridadad55) I would say that masculinity is subjective"
457	"drunk at a funeral. Geez... the only reason Biden's focused on "" balls "" is because the Obama administration was just caught with their pants down. I"
458	01:54pm 27/01/12 # Could it be that the NSW and VIC unlike theACT gov had balls and moved out the trouble makers also who would want to run a function in
459	"Leagues. Then we have the' incident' that makes our MC grow some balls, which i will put in spoiler tags, though it is in the beginning"
460	Kenkey in the yrs 2000 and 2008. $2m can feed all the foot soldiers 3 balls of kenkey a day for the next 2yrs. Or maybe build more toilets and
461	"of the videos on YouTube where Dawkins is in the middle east, putting his balls on the line (ironically) in confronting radical Muslems, who literally accuse Dawkins"
462	this with all the dough. # Grease your pan/pans with butter. Place the balls of dough in a' honeycomb' pattern. Try to get them close to
463	"a lot of extra Christmas balls (I mean lots and lots of extra christmas balls from last year's decorations), I thought we'd make a Christmas wreath"
464	"the room and what you will need to bring in terms of extra pillows, balls mats etc. Find out how you can warm heat packs, as hot water"
465	"board. # Cook showed admirable temperament in building his innings of 168 off 341 balls, including 20 boundaries. He was patient with his shot-selection, playing with soft"
466	"had to admit -- this guy had balls'). "" He had big balls. Roy Keane threatens to play badly, 2005 # This one could easily"
467	", total cost of construction, what date saw the biggest crowd, numbers of balls that have make it over the fences, and much more. # - Legends"
468	", 149 not out at Headingley and 118 at Old Trafford, came from 148 balls and 103 balls respectively. The bats that he used, unlike those of today"
469	"whilst Walcott's relatively deep positioning didn't suit his game -- he was getting balls played into his feet on the touchline, rather than being immediately on the defensive"
470	"in Geneva, where a high-speed impact compressed air cannon was used to fire steel balls at an angle of 45 degrees and at a speed of 80 kph (50"
471	"go underwater if they got hit by a ball without noticing, or throwing the balls into the center at the start instead of having the balls scattered around, or"
472	side. Will Brown be in a position to do so? The fate of Balls will be an illuminating test of Brown's remaining authority. # Then there is
473	"The pair added 87 for the second-wicket, with Chandimal departing for 43 off 65 balls. # Sri Lanka won by seven wickets, with Sangakkara unbeaten on 42 off"
474	a situation that he revelled in. You could tell he'd rather be hitting balls on the range than explaining yet again what it meant for him to be playing
475	several run ins with the law. He was handed an ASBO for firing steel balls from a van that resulted in the damage of property and shattering numerous car and
476	"that, to make the whole experience even more educational, the people throwing the balls will be allowed to wear special glasses that simulate different visual impairments. Let's"
477	# BWAAA HAAA HAAAA! Does anyone in their right mind think Obama has the balls to go through with a missile shield??? OH GOD! This idiot
478	"sprinting and most movement patterns. # Lunges help improve cricket performance when chasing after balls in the field, running into bowl, running between the wickets and loading the"
479	"of passing sideways to get a feel of the game, we played quick penetrative balls. # Sorry but I didn't hear any of the season ticket holders around"
480	"KCCA Leopards. But, Soigi is the reason Oketcho looks good. Picking those balls, looking for the outlet and the free person. Forget the fact that she"
481	Stoke into it. He could have just said Everton play a lot of long balls; why did he have to drag our name through the mud? # We
482	with pepper. Use clean hands to mix until well combined. Shape into 24 balls. Chill for 30 minutes. # 2. Spray large non-stick frying pan with
483	"running wild! # I believe this is a sensible and proportionate approach, "" Balls said. But the Council of Europe is increasingly critical of the UK's approach"
484	Kim was sitting at it looking like someone had just told him he had no balls. THANKS FOR THE SWIM BYE! # I stumbled through my front door and
485	the best games of this serie. Select your character and fight for the dragon balls. # 0 votes # 650.890 times played # Ingls # Monster Sumo 82 times
486	do us good. About Me # I am a mad multi-tasker with many balls in the air! I've been married to David for 20+ years and we
487	"You should see what her tongue has to do to make way for three tennis balls in her gob # Right. What comes to mind? "" The lights are"
488	would be a shock! andie: # 02 Nov 2012 12:07:18pm # The balls up was by the bureaucracy not the BOF government. # But to use your
489	"two sixes and eight boundaries. # James Franklin struggled in scoring three off 43 balls before being trapped lbw to Herath. Flynn was out for 53, caught by"
490	"he is sways out of the way. # With Dravid, I brought two balls into him earlier. In this day and age, he would have been given"
491	"you are a player short on confidence in playing arond water, bring loads of balls. Watch the 1st hole... pretty long par 5 but thereafter enjoy the 8th"
492	"I've snuck out and met with guys I've found online to have my balls busted. It feels like I'm leading a double life, but I do"
493	"portraits of past Governors, Governors General, Queens and Kings are kept and where balls and other state and ceremonial functions are held. The foyer, the official entrance"
494	good at what he does. If you want a sumptuous feast for your eye balls check out his work below. # As I pose with Adam about fifty people
495	growing in these smaller countries because most of them realise they have to work their balls off to reach a World Cup. # Whats the point of a world cup
496	"Pieterson's head. # Because Sree Santh is not good enough to deliver intimidatory balls legally, there was no reason for the umpires or anyone else to permit him"
497	", too, a harsh brown weed that dried in autumn and blew away in balls hanging on to the fences. We called it wire-weed, and it made splendid"
498	"the tightly packed defence in the good old-fashioned way. And I mean long high balls into their box with the big ghuys in there to get a flick, a"
499	"better get used to it "". # Will both of you grow some "" balls "", and start sticking up for this country and its people? We are"
500	For the record # Top of the world: Ponting's unbeaten 140 from 123 balls inspired the World Cup win in 2003 final against India. # Career high:
