I got B's like a student Bitch I am not a human and this dick is therapeutic She say, " Tunechi give that dick to me, smoother than
now contributed to this very thing I hate. I'm going to cut my dick off. You should all do the same or similar. # I live near
. # " I'll rub your back when I rub your ass with my dick? Sound good? " He chuckled and smirked " Told ya' you were
snugly like a sweaty sock. It's a magical experience equivocal of getting your dick pampered by a weathered Asian massage parlour woman who may not look like a bonerable
them, which I'm really happy about, but it's rude to be dick about winning # Veronica Oh # You go qurl # AA <3 # Is there
from substituting in the titles of well-known books, films and songs the word " dick " for " heart ", or " fuck " for " love ",
looked like I got slapped with a dick, my hairlining was done with a dick, it looked like I just got done sucking a dick. Then I guess
no decent person in their right mind will read those statuses and not think " dick ". # Hahahahaha! Ohmygod, Nat I have to see if I can
, dubstep other genres mixed in together.. So all you Skrillex haters suck a dick cause none of you guys know what your talking about... HATERS THESE DAYS!
are a woman (a young one I presume) so until you grow a dick please refrain from commenting on equipment you do not possess.
midnight? James: We want to get it before the Americans so we can dick on them. # Fair enough. If someone behind the game accused you of
never objected. I fucked her hard until she cummed. Then I placed the dick to her pussy and hammered her seriously. Because I had hammered my wife at
if necessary. Record the results. # The best part about not being a dick? Every once in a while, you might even make a new friend!
endings will happen. Too bad Alexis Fawx won't be the one sucking his dick. Fellas! Always think twice before you go sticking your dick through the wall
kissing corporate ass and wake up. # Where ever you live, stay there dick weed. Any you know what, I'll stay here... unless uncle sam
pen here and people are supposed to think... wait, that looks like a dick. " # ** # Frank to the therapist: " Yeah, back then
of strangers, with a theme of them all performing one activity, be a dick move? # For instance, is Tomoyuki Sakaguchi a jerk with ill-intent for taking
said, and yes he disagreed with Rebecca, yes he was kind of a dick about it, yes you think he was wrong to do both of those things
was a change of pace from the typical decision between being nice or being a dick. Well the boning was an ethical dilemma for me at least, outer-space lovin
billion or so and its revenues are up by 50% makes you look like a dick. So the league offers a 50/50 split which on the surface sounds good and
if you're face to face. I realize that me calling you a " dick " does little to further my cause, but I'm the ringleader around here
got a thing in the charts And if his dick is a monster If his dick is a monster If his dick is a monster We will give him our hearts
a dismissive shrug, followed by a single, giggled directive -- " Suck my dick! " -- then continues into the venue, unfazed. 
Oh wait -- you've stated that you're " a dude, with a dick " -- so I'm going to hazard a guess that you haven't bothered
keyboard to chat to space crafts, and more recently Ben Stiller acts like a dick in The Watch and unfortunately doesn't get eaten, maybe his friendly tones were
do that look at your " nude " screening image or play with your tiny dick. just shut up and do what you got ta do to get through the
out here you're nothing. You know what you look like? A squeezed dick. You got a big blue vein running up your head all the way to
of his record-setting performance, saying merely, " It just feels good being a dick again 
stories out there with REAL misandry. go after those. calling a dick head a dick, is not sexist. i'm sorry but you've missed the point this
a dick. (Accusing individuals of dick behavior is itself a good example of dick behavior.) Here's one venerable definition: when your impulse is to tell
his socks. His shirt was next and then he was naked. And his dick, it made my mouth watery, he was big, he was long and
, rollin', rollin' money like a pimp My B-I-T-C-H is on my dick like this Dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty sucka You
him cool no matter what. Cars that make you look like a rich dick: # Lamborghini Gallardo # Any Ferrari # Subaru WRX STi # Ford Focus ST
, not in the post itself? Sorry, I hate to be a hectoring dick about this, but I think your musings on 3D are actually less important than
might sound insane but I've realised, I've more chance of getting my dick wet if I simply tell her I'm a DJ or a rapper. # 
! " Cause sucking dick Brings peace on Earth and Joy!! Cause sucking dick Brings peace on Earth and Joy!! # As a believer, I think
dick " is. We can all get behind the " don't be a dick " meme -- but I don't think people have the same idea of what
out artist. He's the kind of guy who would draw Jesus with a dick for display at a Manila Museum, the Picasso who would draw squares when everyone
saying but I don't give a shit. So stop being a fucking weirdo dick okay " # He looked surprised at this, " Did I say that?
impression. # Apgauge # What a load of bullshit. Get Peter Singer's dick out of your mouth and talk straight for a change. # David Hunter # 
the individual will quickly come to realize that people value " don't be a dick " far higher than justice or truth. # But the why should be said
'm an emo bitch and I'm quick to say fuck you and suck my dick, " but you get the general gist. # It's all wildly contradictory
and a Vietcong produced American dollar bill with a picture of a woman sucking a dick on it instead of George Washington's stiffly grimacing face. # One of the
course, it's not like he wasn't known as a bit of a dick to begin with... # asking a question like that is totally in-line with a
to visit regularly. He learned about the general not being able to keep his dick in his pants on Nov. 8th. And that is an ongoing clown story.
of hand. Anyone ripping on Cote here in this thread can also suck a dick # 3starsndasunn Says, in 11-18-2012 at 20:32:39 from 121.54.54.36 # Yeah the ref should
at him then at about the 1:27ish mark a coin bounces by evra and then dick kunt looks to spit at him but not really. fucked up shit. cant
the sake of the woman you love. She's not an object and your dick is not a play thing
stinking heap. At least Agnew stopped taking bribes when he became VP while our dick still takes payments from Halliburton. It is a complete failure of our system of
is living in the same accomodation college too. This guy was always a total dick towards me (including in Upper 6th), and I want to have a
Remember the shirts that said " see dick drink, see dick drive, see dick die. Don't be a dick ". I'm thinking you may have
. You piss when we say you piss. You got that, you maggot dick motherfucker? Share this quote # Tommy Williams: So I'm backing out the
controlled only by the buoyancy of the air and the gravitational pull (since my dick is shrunken): the former acts upwards and the latter downwards; when they
like that Lick my dick &; my sack Don't quit like that Lick my dick &; my sack Yeah bitch like that Lick my dick &; my sack Don't
more so than intelligence is relationship intelligence and if you prioritise him being a clever dick over emotional smarts, you will end up in an unintelligent relationship. And,
. Oh he was huge, thick, long, fat. " Like my dick? " he murmered. I looked up at him and licked over my bottom
offensive. In a way, the backlash against political correctness has made being a dick socially acceptable in some circles. # There's a vast amount of criticism devoted
characteristics being a) very, very, scarily religious b) kind of a dick c) mind-searingly hot. # aproprose Tall Boy, Plane Boy, Half Man
and I'll bitch about it some more teach you how not to be a dick to everybody else just because you read something you didn't like
that this might be the time that they die, or leave to marry some dick in a leotard. One of the most affecting stories in Dr Who history is
got ugly. In a series of tweets, Brown told Johnson to suck his dick, threatened to fart on her, threatened to shit and called her a "
sighed. " Your stupid little friend over there is practically throwing herself on your dick and you're letting her and I can't take it anymore! I want
